bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Aliiarcobacter_faecis_AF1078	22	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter faecis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_anaerophilus_DSM_24636_A	21	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter anaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_anaerophilus_IR_1	21	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter anaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_aquimarinus_CECT_8442	19	19	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_butzleri_ED_1	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_butzleri_JV22_A	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_butzleri_L348	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_butzleri_L349	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_butzleri_L351	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_butzleri_L352	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_butzleri_RM4018	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_canalis_F138_33	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter canalis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_cibarius_LMG_21996	22	15	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter cibarius
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_cloacae_CECT_7834	19	19	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_cloacae_F26	19	19	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_cryaerophilus_ATCC_43158_ATCC_43158	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_cryaerophilus_D2610	22	20	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_defluvii_CECT_7697	22	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter sp000284235
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_ellisii_CECT_7837	23	11	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter sp002452915
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_halophilus_DSM_18005	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter halophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_halophilus_F166_45	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter canalis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_lanthieri_AF1440	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter lanthieri
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_lanthieri_AF1581	22	20	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter lanthieri
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_lekithochrous_LFT_1_7	23	13	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter lekithochrous
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_lekithochrous_LMG_28652	22	11	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter lekithochrous
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_marinus_CECT_7727	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter canalis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_marinus_F140_37	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter canalis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_marinus_MARC_MIP3H16	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter canalis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_marinus_SH_4D_Col1	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter canalis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_molluscorum_LMG_25693_F98_3	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter molluscorum
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_mytili_LMG_24559_LMG_24559	16	5	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter halophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_nitrofigilis_DSM_7299_DSM_7299	22	20	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter nitrofigilis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_pacificus_LMG_26638	15	3	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter sp003252105
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_peruensis_PSE_93	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter sp001956695
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
_Arcobacter_porcinus_117434	22	13	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter porcinus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
_Arcobacter_porcinus_213	22	13	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter porcinus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
_Arcobacter_porcinus_216	22	12	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter porcinus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
_Arcobacter_porcinus_CCUG_56899	22	14	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter porcinus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
_Arcobacter_porcinus_DU19	22	12	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter porcinus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_skirrowii_CCUG_10374_CCUG_10374_B	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter skirrowii
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_AF1028	22	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter faecis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_BM102	21	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter sp002869565
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_CECT_8983	16	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	None	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_CECT_8985	20	11	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter molluscorum
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_CECT_8986	20	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Malaciobacter	Malaciobacter molluscorum
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_CECT_8989	17	17	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	None	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_CECT_9188	21	19	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter lanthieri
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_CECT_9230	20	15	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter lanthieri
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_CECT_9299	21	19	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter skirrowii
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_F155	17	3	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter sp001895145
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_F2176	22	17	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Arcobacter	Arcobacter nitrofigilis
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_FW59	20	15	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter lanthieri
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_LA11	21	20	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter sp001895145
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_LMG_29976	22	19	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_LPB0137	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter sp001956695
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_L	22	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter sp000284235
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_RW43_9	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_sp_SM1702	21	19	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter sp001956695
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_suis_CECT_7833	21	12	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter sp003063245
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_thereius_LMG_24486_B	22	14	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter thereius
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_trophiarum_LMG_25534_B	19	14	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter cryaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Arcobacter_venerupis_CECT7836	21	12	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter sp003063245
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Halarcobacter_bivalviorum_CECT_7835	19	4	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter skirrowii
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Halarcobacter_bivalviorum_F118_4	15	15	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	None	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Halarcobacter_ebronensis_CECT_8441	16	7	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter anaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Halarcobacter_ebronensis_CECT_8993	17	7	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter anaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Halarcobacter_mediterraneus_F156_34	15	3	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Halarcobacter	Halarcobacter anaerophilus
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
MAG02	20	9	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	None
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Poseidonibacter_sp_JOD_M_6	22	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter sp001956695
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Poseidonibacter_sp_SJOD_M_33	22	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter sp001956695
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Poseidonibacter_sp_SJOD_M_5	22	16	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Poseidonibacter	Poseidonibacter sp001956695
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Pseudoarcobacter_acticola_KCTC_52212	20	11	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter sp003063245
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Pseudoarcobacter_caeni_RW17_10	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Arcobacteraceae	Aliarcobacter	Aliarcobacter sp003063245
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Sulfurimonas_autotrophica_DSM_16294	22	22	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas	Sulfurimonas autotrophica
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Sulfurimonas_denitrificans_DSM_1251	22	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas	Sulfurimonas denitrificans
bin_name	total_scgs	supporting_scgs	t_domain	t_phylum	t_class	t_order	t_family	t_genus	t_species
Sulfurimonas_gotlandica_GD1	23	21	Bacteria	Campylobacterota	Campylobacteria	Campylobacterales	Sulfurimonadaceae	Sulfurimonas	Sulfurimonas gotlandica
